Welcome to Web Design with Photoshop! I'm your web design instructor,
and today we'll create stunning web designs and interfaces.
This course covers UI design, mockups,
and web graphics for modern website creation.
We'll start with grid systems and layout principles,
then explore responsive design techniques.
Learn professional web design workflows
from wireframe to pixel-perfect design.
Master button design, icon creation, and navigation.
We'll design complete websites and mobile apps,
with modern trends and best practices.
Web design bridges creativity and functionality.
By the end, you'll design professional websites.
Let's shape the digital experience together!